Always so.
Welcome to the real world metrics explanation the magic tricks when intuition will come handy in various
dynamic programming problems.
And all those are all those problems in which you will be solving some linear reconciliation, right?
So for example, I'll give you the very basic example and then we'll move on to various different examples,
of course.
And so.
Right now, I'm just a small catfish here, and I'll help you prevent this catfish.
Right.
So when Will called, Manteca explains.
I will.
Not pass to the mattresses, but will walk on dirty mattresses.
In methods.
In different methods.
Eight two pointers are a nuisance.
They might be, but we'll avoid them.
Eight will avoid nuisance.
Now let's understand how this matrix expanded work with an example.
So let's take an example first.
Let's see.
I want to find out.
And it's Fibonacci number.
So it's a very famous series, guys, Fibonacci number series because it is being used in various places.
And there are some well-known facts about from an economist, you can easily search those facts.
So if I want to find out the and it's forbidden economy so let me write first few times of the series.
It is one one.
The first time is one.
The signal damage one.
Now the third time is equal.
The third time follows this pattern that our fourth end is equal to F off and minus one plus and minus
two.
That means F of three will be equal to f two.
It is three minus one plus three minus two is F often.
So the next term is equal to the sum of previous two times eight.
So it is two, two plus one is three, five, eight, 13.
21.
30.
Have a missed.
No.
13.
Mr. Anderson is 34 and then 34.
And next is.
34 tentativeness.
Five and five.
55.
And so on.
So it's an advantage.
It is.
It is now in Indian cities.
And after a certain time it was like exponentially.
Eight.
You can easily see this vertical cities.
So if I want to find out the end, it's the one I can.
But and it's the end is less than equals to return to the power.
Six.
It becomes very easy for me.
I can directly use dynamic programming.
Dynamic programming.
Right.
And a very simple code base of you can easily undo this.
Not a big deal if still you have a problem using dynamic programming for finding just a few number.
Just go watch a section on dynamic programming.
And in there the first example will be of event numbers, inventory, DP A Not a big deal, so doing
programming is not a big deal for women.
It's very easy stuff, so.
What happens in the name of good is that you take an area of land, think about six, eight, and what
you do is you calculate that are done by using the first two.
Then you calculate the fourth by using their second and third term.
And you.
That means you take an area and you simply fill the four student.
That to be one is one and DP who is also one, and then they be three.
You run a loop from three to in and say their DP is equals to the DP, a is equals to DP, i.e. minus
one plus API minus two.
So.
This is a normal loop from.
You're doing great.
And after the loop ends, we have the end to number four.
So we have the opinion after this.
But guys, this is not the perfect solution that I want, because it is for less than equal to ten,
double over six and eight to for lots of my lots of my friends got this problem is going to be a problem
that like a follow up problem this may not end this list in enclosed return to the poverty team.
Now, how do you get to this particular?
You're going to kill them if and it's so huge.
You cannot apply this love from three to in.
Because again, we cannot have a tender, devoted deal and it will take a huge time.
Eight.
How do you solve this?
How do you figure this out?
Like, what is the.
And also is that number will be huge.
Of course, guys, this number will also be huge.
That is people an accurate entity, but it will also be huge.
Generally, when we face this problem, they will say that Kmart, just like Big Mart, is actually
a compensation.
It's actually a drawback of our languages, of the computer systems we have now.
It maybe not up to 100 or 200 years.
Right now, this is a drawback.
It's a bit more to.
Like retaining inert limits.
Right.
Okay.
So how do you solve this problem in any standard about it?
So that's the main problem that we are going to discuss in this election.
Right here, guys.
What I'll do is I'll take three.
Mattresses and just show you an example and everything will become all clear.
So let's take three mattresses.
The first mattress that I'm taking is a normal matrix.
And let's call it.
Evan matrix.
Evan kept delivering this.
Evan metrics is two growth, one metrics.
And in this I will be storing.
Evan Which is the end attribute.
Nick But and.
Evan Minus one.
Well.
Now what happens is I have a few metrics, let's call it B metrics, and I'll fill the values later.
But I want you to feel the values of the stream ratings have on your to find out the mentions of this
tree matrix.
So if I multiply the metrics to this effort metrics that is D into F in these metrics, give me F in
plus one.
Is this into this equals this f of endless fun to wherever and I just replace it boundless fun.
And with one is when using.
What should be my metrics of video games?
Very easy that this f of endless one metrics is actually nothing but.
How is it f of endless wonder?
Dennis It is written as F and blue seven minus one eight the sum of previous or terms in Fibonacci.
It is, and this is open if I dig two ones of it here.
So this one multiplies with this happen and this one multiplies with this happen.
This row multiplies with this column and gives me f of endless but eight.
Secondly, in the second, what we have to do is get I want a friend to be here so I can take it one
zero.
If I multiply this row with this column, it gives me a friend.
Well.
So very easy.
It's not a big deal if I multiplied the matrix with F and it gives me I think this one eight now.
Now let's see this f this f anything goes to f off.
All right, so let's say D and do f off.
This will give me a43.
Similarly, 18 to f of.
They will give me f off or immediately during the F or for will give me f off.
By you and so on.
It will go on forever.
But look, if I replace F4 in this equation by the industry, then I can write this way.
The into being the F3.
Is Eagles do a for five.
So let's say I'm just trying to find a fight.
So now in Alexa Bliss, F3, by using this equation here, what I get is being to be into e into f of
a two is.
Uh.
Yeah.
One more record.
Is he going to have a fight?
Okay, so basically, guys, if I want to find out some F of HN and I know what is f of to what is f
of to f of to is nothing but of the f to dumb and the F1 dumb which is one one.
The base case is basically rate base cases.
So.
Yeah.
Okay.
So what happens is if I want to find out be of end of this actually becomes the coup de power and minus
to yes or no.
Due to the power and minus to.
Indyref2 is it going to happen?
So we know these all are mattresses which are being multiplied.
Multiply follows that property of whatever it is associated of community in which in to be in to see
is equal.
To in.
To be to see.
Eight.
I'm just a blanket probably over here.
And simply I grouped all these.
I'm just simply multiplying all these.
I'm just finding the power in minus two.
What is t over here is a matrix 1110.
This is matrix.
Well, now what what is the solution that I've come up to that if I want to find out when a key and
I simply have to find out due to the power in my insulin multiplied by F of two that will give me effen,
which is effen.
And if in minus one and I'm just written the topmost value that will be equal to if and how do I do
this is how do I find due to the power in minus two.
Again.
We can use a binary exponential here instead of multiplying t one by one.
Here I can directly by node, by PD power and minus two by using binary exponential because n minus
two is an integer.
I can simply say by this time, simply what we'll do is we'll take a resulting.
They're doing metrics that will be of one identity metrics.
Other metrics will be metrics.
And.
In each separate initiative.
What I do is simple.
Just as binary expand injection we do that resultant will be equal to resulting into it if the last
registered insulin.
And so basically just consider e this t as another integer, right?
So we know as in D just multiply so so do matrix multiply as integers add up.
So do matrices add up.
Eight.
I'm just instead of doing a inches, you know, four, and then I'm doing in binary exponential metrics.
It is called metaphysics.
When in execution it's instead of in these multiplications and additions will be having method which
will multiply mattresses and add mattresses.
So those methods will not take us to the editor as in as an argument, because I'll be telling you a
best way to call this out.
Eight And you won't be like having this face.
Whatever.
This.
It is eight.
I hope you.
I hope you got this.
That.
Instead of in business, we'll just use mattresses, multiply them, add them, whatever we do.
And simply.
Use them, right?
So I think that's it.
And so, first of all, guys, I want you to call it out yourself.
I like ride method, ride functions.
If you ever understood this part, just.
Do the do it yourself first and then move on to the next video in which I'll put it out there.
So there are various examples.
Let me give you another example.
This was a very easy to get installation, and let me give you a tougher one.
If any request to E of a.
These are the gods of religion.
Any recurrence rate.
So instead of care to live, let's have smaller.
The EFSF and.
Izzy goes to f f of n minus one plus B of F and minus two plus C, F and minus three less d.
How do you solve this?
So guys, whenever you face or whenever you will just face a recursive relation, a linear negative
relation, and you want to use metric exponential.
My first advice for you will be to.
Make this.
Vector.
I make this vector that is effen and make this vector which is a effen.
Plus, when you take Efron Victor like Boardwalk thinks I have to make the next next what word things
and then make the t victor accordingly.
If I multiply to do this, I'll get this eight to.
So let's let's all this just positivity.
If you don't want solidarity and just positive attitude, think about it and then you deep into this
hit ABC are some of my students that are being given to us.
So as I said, first of all.
We will have this F in matrix and we will like.
Manipulate relay.
Keep on changing or don't we need eight.
So here we have f and bless one matrix.
Let's f in here.
F in minus one here.
F in minus two here.
And.
Yeah, well, let's.
I have a friend plus one.
A friend.
I finally an F and minus one because I'm replacing and rent and and plus one and it's I have the year
eight or.
Instead of delayed statement.
You'll come to know.
Why am I doing this?
So.
Yeah.
Now let's make this semantics case to make a fine plus one.
What I want is I want one fun.
One that is fun to have.
But in not one buddy body, not one I have.
I want e into heaven.
B into.
F in minus one.
The interferon minus two ending.
Which is equal to evolve and blossom.
Hey, now I want Evan in the second place.
So what is Efron in this again?
Place?
It will be simple.
1000.
It was Venom, replied the second row.
With this I will go to heaven, and it is 0100.
Then it is 00108.
So.
Yes, I get effin I get f in my innocent.
But here goes.
Whatever it is, I won't want to be carried forward.
I do not want f and minus to do a dislocation late, so the last row needs to be changed.
What will I have in the last room?
I want one later.
It will be 0001.
So this is mathematics.
If I multiplied this matrix to F in matrix algorithm plus one, then again multiply multiplied by 30
again Elliot F and my F Bliss two and then again and so on.
If I want to find f of and is fine, go to the power end and simply multiply it by four, you know,
eight.
And you can easily solve this thing.
Well, guys, I hope you are able to.
Go with this.
And in the next video we will.
So this is another example of a reconciliation.
You can have various examples.
And now we will see an efficient way of calling this in the next story.
Well, thank you ways.